__2019-05-08__


**ZLC Members**  
[X] Matt Hogstrom  
[X] Bruce Armstrong
[X] Jean-Philipe  
[X] Sean Grady  
[X] Mark Ackert  
[ ] Jean-Louis  
    
**Participants**  
[X] Joe Winchester  
[X] Nick Kocsis   
[ ] Alvin Tan   
[ ] John Mertic  
[ ] Murali Panchalingam  
[ ] Simone Gregg  
[X] Nolan Rogers  
[ ] Isabel Arnold  
[X] Tim Brooks  
[X] Usman Haider

  
## Recording can be found here:  
https://zoom.us/recording/share/6gQd_8zzUb8AQyBZPbWFrM_nKeq3SJbE3BUXsEOXfTuwIumekTziMw?startTime=1557320667000  

[Review updated process documents and make corrections this week](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/tree/20190418-process-updates)
Action for all ZLC members to have the conversation in the issue.  Review to continue at the ZLC next week.

[Acclaim badge for Zowe committers #97](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/97)  
  
[Turn on "Require two-factor authentication for everyone in the Zowe organization." #96](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/96)  
Action: ZLC members to review 2FA and discuss in issue.  
  
[Address missing DCO signoffs #95](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/95)  
@jmertic to send out missing DCOs
  
[New Zowe Repository - CLI FTP Plugin agenda #93](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/93)  
  
[Zowe "vNext" release validation agenda #92](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/92)  
  
[Zowe- Automated New Feature Notifier #91](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/91)  
  
[Common Logging Format for Zowe Services #90](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/90)  
Tracked architecture call for discussion / tracking.  

[New Zowe Sub-Project Proposal - IMS Operations API agenda to do #85](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/85)
  Repo brought in on 5/7/2019 and new team created.

[Post-1.0.0 Versioning & Release updates #72](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/72)
  
[Zowe Conformance Program in progress onboarding #52](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/52)
  
[Zowe - Automated License Scanning to do](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/42)  
  
[Process - Project Planning (PI Planning](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/40)  

### Discussion

### Actions  
Create repo promotion issue
Create security issues and code path strategy and approach issue
Need persistent storage for items since Slack is ephemeral.  Options are Google Docs, Confluence. - Slacked @jmertic for status

### Post 1.0 Activities  


### Closed Issues