# 2019-07-24

## ZLC Members
[X] Hogstrom   
[ ] Bruce Armstrong   
[X] Sean Grady   
[X] JP Linardon   
[X] Mark Ackert   
[X] Jean-Louis Vignaud   

[X] Nick Kocsis
[ ] Tim Brooks
[ ] Nolan Rogers
[X] Alvin Tan
[X] Joe Winchester


### Recording can be found here   
Recording: https://zoom.us/recording/share/J9S3QtaPE_F6Rwi2WneoUSBkDwppT7DZvcTfLYA1B8CwIumekTziMw?startTime=1563972952000
Transcript: https://zoom.us/recording/download/IexrCKw5dZRItGOz2o52VeWqurqvPMptwkWQ-z6pktA27DzXk5FTiMQLW-4Wt1_D

## Discussion Items
Governance document updates

## Share Planning for F2F
Open issues (per my observation):
----------------
- 30 mins per session?   If so, we have more than 3 hours worth of sessions here
- is everybody OK as the moderator of the session per what’s listed?
- we have sessions under consideration to be dropped in favour of other higher priority topic (e.g. CI/CD)

----------
*Topic: Introduction* – Moderator: @noupier Vignaud - 15 minutes
*Topic: Long Term Release Support* – Moderator: @BruceA - 30 minutes
*Topic: Zowe vNext (v2)* – Moderator: @Mark Ackert (with help from @RocketSGrady / @mike B?) - 30 minutes
*Break* - 15 minutes
*Topic: Conformance Program / App Directory* – Moderator: @tim.brooks - 30 minutes
*Topic: Developer Enablement / Advocacy* – Moderator: @hogstrom - 30 minutes
*Topic: CI/CD Review* – Moderator: @Mark Ackert with help from @Alvin Tan? - 15 minutes
### Optional
*Topic: Community Tooling* – Moderator: @jmertic? TBD? - 15 minutes
*Topic: A Year in Review* – Moderator: @tim.brooks - 30 minutes

Other suggestions:
- Sujay Solomon  - Would be nice to have a chat about what is being adopted by the greater mainframe community (customers, not vendors) and what is not. May help shape V2. (edited)
- Alvin Tan - An architectural overview and update might be good as well.  Will include in vNext

Zowe Conformance

@Nick - RC2 1.4 candidate

## Minutes


__Voting Tool for Review__
https://civs.cs.cornell.edu/
   
   
