# ZLC Agenda 02-19-20
1. **LTS policy publication proposal (finally)**

   1. [https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/72#issuecomment-588044685](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/72#issuecomment-588044685)

   1. Like to vote to approve and ask Doc squad to come back with mock up of changes 

   1. Hopefully do Q&A flow and Conformance Program at the same time? 

   1. LTS Blog / press release - who has the pen and where are we posting ?

1. **SHARE**

   1. Slide for hack-a-thon? 

   1. Feb 20 press release? 

   1. Sunday session - OMP to provide coffee and pastries at 8:30 

   1. OK to post these list of topics on Linkedin???? 

      1. Bruce  -  10  mins Quick intro 

      1. Petr    -  45 mins - 26366  - Develop and Deploy REST API Services on the Mainframe using Zowe

      1. Sean  -   45 mins - 26778 - Introducing the Zowe App Generator

      1. Break -   20 mins

      1. Dan    -   45 mins  - Everything You'd Want to Know about the Zowe CLI

      1. Joe     -   45 mins - 26651 -  CUPIDS - update on Zowe z/OS changes for LTS on install, configure,  extension installation, SMP/E, PTF, APAR, SYSMOD, certificates, component startup, ...

      1. Taylor/Rose -    30 mins - 26650 - Zowe Conformance Program - Building Commercial Products with the Open Source Framework 

   1. Tuesday BOF 

1. **Next Steps? Proposal for a new Zowe landscape diagram** [https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/160](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/160) 

1. **How about we get back to looking at ZLC issues** [https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues)

1. **Other topics?**

   1. OMP request for updated single deck on "what is Zowe"? 

   1. New logo voting? 

   1. Mono repo

   1. Post LTS more cordinated PI with epic/task based squads rather than structural repo/component focus (e.g. MFA, SSO, HA, Containerization, ...)  ?  (Milestones, single git board, combined PR builds).

   1. Better test coverage to reduce rc to GA for releases.  

   1. Thank you to Broadcom for hosting and origanizing the Feb13th User Group webinar.  Report (from Sujay ?) and next steps ?

   1. Secure Credentials Plugin in base CLI vs. separate install ?

   1. ???



