__2018-09-19__

ZLC Members  
[X] Matt Hogstrom  
[X] Bruce Armstrong  
[X] Jean-Philipe  
[X] Sean Grady  
[X] Mark Ackert  
[X] Jean-Louis

Observers  
[ ] Joe Winchester  
[X] Tim Brooks  
[ ] Alvin Tan  
[X] Nick K.  
[X] John Mertic  
[X] Erin Farr

## Recording can be found here:

  Topic: Zowe ZLC - Working meetings -  https://zoom.us/j/935375531
Start Time :Â Sep 25, 2018 16:48

## Main take aways
- Zowe will identify how security scanning will be implemented as part of the CI/CD process.
- z/OSMF strategy for JSON Web token implementation to be review before the next meeting 
- We will begin processing CII Badge as part of the project.  Assessment of outstanding items that would be barriers to a 1.0 GA.

__Meeting Recording:__
https://zoom.us/recording/share/IiUXepvFFwJ1rFXAQs05cS7u2SgDAr03Cg0KXQfgolmwIumekTziMw
