# ZLC Agenda - 12-4-19
- Jean-Louis indicated not able to attend today 

- Alvin join bottom of the hour 

- I learned that the boxnote link I provide for the meeting expires after 24 hrs - I have extended this link until June (and I will still work to get meeting agendas and recordings into github - any volunteers to help?) 



1. **Congratulations Joe W on joining the ZLC **

   1. Joe is out on vacation until Dec 11th 

1. **We likely need to discuss "lessons learned" from this round of voting in January ZLC meeting to prep for Feb ZLC voting **

   1. How to better drive participation? 

   1. Publicize voting period dates earlier?  

   1. Link to charter - role and responsibilities - education on what you are voting on and the significance of role

   1. Clarifying binding and non-binding 

   1. Reach out to seek more diversity (mailing list has diversity?)  - visibility on zowe.org 

1. **Status of Zowe 1.7.1? **

   1. I think vote to approve but unclear if votes tallied and approval given - maybe confusion on Matt's role vs my temp role 

   1. I assume there is no objection to release 

1. **Status of LTS Policy declaration to zowe.org? **

   1. I think we have agreed on 2 years open community support (with source code being on site indefinitely). I think we have agreed to N-1 backward compatibility, target to declare Active LTS still Zowe 1.10 

   1. We now need to close on what to say about conformance program updates 

      1. I think Jean-Louis took action to ask Rose (On Boarding Squad Lead) to revisit conformance badging - whether to be by year or by version? 

      1. I was reminded of need to reach out to Phoenix Software for their input on conformance - still needs action 

1. **PI planning being run Thursday and Friday for CLI and API ML squads** - if you want to participate kyle.woodworth@broadcom.com is meeting owner

1. **Some confusion on how to handle Zowe inquiries from new participants - On Boarding to brainstorm and come back - suggestions are welcome on how best to handle **

   1. I tend to point to onboard squad 

   1. Instances where [zowe-dev@lists.openmainframeproject.org](mailto:zowe-dev@lists.openmainframeproject.org) used 

   1. John pointed out  [https://community.openmainframeproject.org/c/zowe](https://urldefense.proofpoint.com/v2/url?u=https-3A__community.openmainframeproject.org_c_zowe&d=DwMFaQ&c=jf_iaSHvJObTbx-siA1ZOg&r=QV1pgG1ijEqUgWlri9F2-4fMdhmnGC4fxVGplHz6-M0&m=-0U0LmHP3fnYRuLc7jv5Na2uQOwaSb99uQ601Pb3xsY&s=riVa5pRWYqYAz4Vsa8LmYKvya1n9oZgBcblucZUjEhk&e=) which has seen some questions coming into it. There are integrations to ping a Slack channel when new questions come up - might solve the problem with no additional effort.

1. **Interest from two China banks on Zowe** (I do not have permission to share names) 

   1. IBM Zowe team members interested in doing a China hackathon in 2020 - I said we would find a way to support them 

   1. I have offered any materials we can share - touched based with Jean-Louis - I am told Michael Graeme Webb assisting with Zowe hackathon planning lead by Broadcom team 

1. **Latest Zowe metrics **

   1. 

Sorry, you do not have permission to view this file.



1. **Meeting with Marist Thursday to give up update on build/test roadmap - many thanks to Jack Jia for pulling info together **



