

1) Please vote on 1.12 release 

2) Any feedback from squads on PI Planning themes? 
  We still need to refine deck to final and pull together some "state of Zowe slides" - 
    a) https://ibm.box.com/s/k2escy5q7v0rfjzsxsgcz2b4gvmmim3o
    b) I was planning to use the latest metrics on downloads, can I get some help on other data - like TechU attendance Attendees: 307 
    what else do we have to share? 

3) Reminder of Survey questions - https://ibm.box.com/s/jzkijoskh1mhurzaj2bpzadl42wwxe38 - would each of create one question by end of day?
Plan is to review with squads in the Thursday 10am eastern interlock call - aka "Weekly Checkpoint" 
    a) Am I pushing this survey too hard? Do we agree it is needed? We still need to close on process of using OMP survey monkey 

4) Quick summary of IBM staffing plans for next PI - emails to out with names to squad leads 
    - Adding at least 1 to API ML 
    - Making one on CLI full time (vs split with Explorer) 
    - Adding one to Explorer - initially part time - (in addition to 3 from Wazi team) 
    - Adding one to App Framework (to work on ZSS) 
    - Adding 2 to CI/CD workgroup but expaning the scope of that work to include, packageing HA and release to release performance 
    on Marist 
    - Adding Designer to On Boarding (hope to help with zowe.org usability) 

5) https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues

6) Press release? - ok with dates? content? 
