
1) Open Mainframe Project webinar tomorrow on Zowe LTS - any final discussions/prep? Panelist have email with how to join? Slides submitted 

2) Can we have brief discussion on Landscape diagram - https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/160 - how to reconcile. Proposed diagram 
slightly different than one used in OMP webinar. 
    a) Do we have a place to centrally store 

3) V1 Conformance Badges - we are aware some submissions have been made - what are plans for page update? Slacked John this am on 
reveal plans during/after LTS webinar? 
    a) There is some debate on when conformant product bundled with other products (i.e., suite) as to whether suite can claim conformance
    Do we know if On Boarding has taken this into account? 
    
4) Let's review ZLC issues https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues there are some new ones and time sensistive ones 
    
    https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/187  PI Planning planning - there is Jun 1 working session between ZLC, Squad leads and PMs 
    - Staffing 
    - Survey - John indicates OMP obtaining survey monkey account 
    - ZLC needs to have draft of "Point of View" on priorities. ZLC has working session on Friday - can we iterate on themes for PI (some
    points mentioned in the OMP webinar slides) 
      - Finish SSO, 
      - Test and Document HA, 
      - Containerization Proof of Concept have been mentioned but I think needs additional guidance
      - There has been some discussion on "Zowe Explorer in Desktop" (my description) that needs additional discussion on 
      
  Any other topics we have time for.......
