02/15/22

Agenda items

Bruce A was host - agenda was free form - see recording or transscript for contents: 

Summary

1) Prep for SHARE - Peter and Bruce need to provide V2 summary (Bruce for TDM) 
- Peter to reconnect with SHARE on his mini session on V2 announce 
- Bruce provided Peter last email he had on topic - Ed Jaffe of Phoneix Software to chair track kick off 

2) Tech preview of V2 z/OS components due this week and posted to vNext download 

3) Discussion on V1.28 planned - should be the last "new feature" and fixes release of V1 then V1 in maintenace mode - frequency of maintenance releases debated a little - critical fixes will be done on demand (TSC decision) 

4) Architecture squad Feb 22 will have guest speakers on install/config process 

5) Some discussion on growing squads 
- Proposals coming to the TSC on ZSS changes and Intellij 
- Bruce pointed out Zowe Chat in the future hope to evolve into a squad 
- Sean mentioned maybe System squad needs to divide into System (CI/CD) and "Up and Running" squad 
- Bruce asked if we are getting too big for current structure - do we need to rethink 

6) Bruce tossed out the idea of Zowe Face to Face later this year for Zowe team to get together (still do 
SHARE Day but in addition a Zowe "working session") - topic tabled for now 

