__2019-02-27__

**ZLC Members**  
[X] Matt Hogstrom
[X] Bruce Armstrong   
[ ] Jean-Philipe  
[X] Sean Grady  
[X] Mark Ackert  
[X] Jean-Louis  
    
**Participants**  
[X] Greg McKinnon
[X] Haley Fung  
[X] Joe Winchester
[X] Michael Bauer
[X] Nick Kocsis  
[X] Nolan Rogers
[X] Tim Brooks  
[ ] Alvin Tan  
[ ] Jack Jia
[ ] John Mertic - Off this week
[ ] Mike Maliska
[ ] Paul Bartholf
[ ] Paul Newton
[ ] Petr
[ ] Steven Horsman
[ ] Usman Haider

  
## Recording can be found here:  
https://zoom.us/recording/share/BJwYr39RFZfhCTan9wHeDNrUTlhxyK2yIFZ14pU9UtWwIumekTziMw?startTime=1557318540000

## Issues to be discussed on 2019-02-27
Removal of pre 1.0.0 binaries.  Should the project remove those binaries.  as of 05/31/2019 0001 the binaries will be removed from the download site.  The binaries will be deprecated recommendation is to remove adopt 1.0.0 going forward.
Voting on the call follows:
  [X] Matt Hogstrom
  [X] Bruce Armstrong  
  [X] Jean-Philipe  
  [X] Sean Grady  
  [X] Mark Ackert  
  [X] Jean-Louis  

**Passed** Nick to update website (done)

### Zowe Conformance Discssion  
Identify test criteria for Zowe core APIs to ensure products can expect any Zowe distribution can be relied on to support applications built on top of Zowe.  Characteristics discussed:

* API Documentation
* Single Signon
* Desktop User Interface Guidelines

Meeting notes captured in Box Note https://ibm.ent.box.com/notes/405054103964

Documentation - Looking for a vendor neutral platform.  Suggestions (not exhaustive) are Google Docs on a par with Box.  Need to allow for community members to edit and everyone to read without registration (goal if possible).  @nick volunteered to investigate and make a recommendation.  Looking for an update next week.



### Updates    
[Zowe Conformance Program](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/52)  -   
Meeting held on 2018/11/26 to discuss conformance.  @Tbr00sky drafting initial set of capability.
  
[Review @brightside usages for GA to do](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/28) - Update from John on progress  
  1.  Mandate if the work needs to be completed  
  2.  If (1) passes vote, then declare a timeframe for completion. 1.0.0 or can it be pushed after 1.0.0?  
  3.  CA Technologies still owns the trademark on Brightside.  
  Next step: John to engage LF legal and then work with contributoer legal departments to get consensus.  Update at next ZLC 12-5-2018  

### Actions  

### Post 1.0 Activities  
[Process - Project Planning (PI Planning)](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/40)  
[Open Source Development Metrics](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/3)  

### Closed Issues
