__2019-01-9__

**ZLC Members**  
[ ] Matt Hogstrom
[ ] Bruce Armstrong  
[ ] Jean-Philipe  
[ ] Sean Grady  
[ ] Mark Ackert  
[ ] Jean-Louis  
  
**Participants**  
[ ] Joe Winchester
[ ] Tim Brooks  
[ ] Alvin Tan  
[ ] Nick Kocsis  
[ ] John Mertic
[ ] Kyle Woodworth  
[ ] Michael Supak  
[ ] Petr Plajanik  
[ ] Robert Penny  
[ ] John Davies  
[ ] Rob Scott  
[ ] Jordan Cain  
[ ] Jax Shawley  
[ ] Simone Gregg
[ ] Kimberly Andersson
[ ] Randall Campbell
  
## Recording can be found here:  


## Issues to be discussed on 2019-01-09
Update on ZSS from Rocket - JP

Build System on river.zowe.org

Release Documents in release branch - are we ready to vote?

All, review 1.0 Goals and ensure the document accurately reflects project goals.  

1.0 Discussion and outstanding issues

[Signing of Interim builds](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/68)  


### Updates    
[Achieve CII Best Practices badge in progress](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/38)  
Complete ... Thanks to all who got us over the finish line.
  
[Zowe GA 1.0.0 Goals](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/37)  
 - Added Tim Brooks and asked him to update this issue with the 1.0 items that have been discussed.  
 - Proposal to release 1.0 in January (last Tuesday) to allow more time for integration, performance and testing.  

[Zowe Conformance Program](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/52)  -   
Meeting held on 2018/11/26 to discuss conformance.  @Tbr00sky drafting initial set of capability.
Link to conformance program documents: https://ibm.box.com/s/401s4s2rdpkgxekhu53zpe3ss53b2jlk

Zowe GTM
Tentative: 1.0 Announce to include: 
  - Analyst update by document
  - Social promotion
  - Webinar (Planning doc: https://ibm.box.com/s/anwc55w1btb3p79yskkt3ryannixt299)
  - Podcast
  - Systems Magazine update
  
  Note: The Zowe Marketing Reps and the OMP marketing committee will work to develop an event plan to tentatively include a Zowe MeetUp, THINK and SHARE events. 
  
[Review @brightside usages for GA to do](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/28) - Update from John on progress  
  1.  Mandate if the work needs to be completed  
  2.  If (1) passes vote, then declare a timeframe for completion. 1.0.0 or can it be pushed after 1.0.0?  
  3.  CA Technologies still owns the trademark on Brightside.  
  Next step: John to engage LF legal and then work with contributoer legal departments to get consensus.  Update at next ZLC 12-5-2018  

### Actions  

### Post 1.0 Activities  
[Process - Project Planning (PI Planning)](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/40)  
[Open Source Development Metrics](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/3)  

### Closed Issues
