__2019-05-08__
   
**ZLC Members**  
[ ] Matt Hogstrom     
[X] Bruce Armstrong     
[X] Jean-Philipe    
[ ] Sean Grady    
[X] Mark Ackert    
[X] Jean-Louis    
    
**Participants**  
[X] Nick Kocsis   
[X] Alvin Tan   
[X] Nolan Rogers   

## Recording 
https://zoom.us/recording/share/QrjkC35Y0LNKq1pErUccGotdJrm75zZPF4evgY9xlOGwIumekTziMw?startTime=1559739517000

Meeting mins typed up 1 week after the meeting (based on the recording) - some comments with updated info over the last week. 

## Review of the Issues 

- Discussed face to face agenda - plans are for 2-5pm meeting time in Pittsburgh. Topics to be 30 min segments - lead by someone considered owner of the issue. Voting is to be electronic using tool provided by the OMP. Discussed survey of possible attendees - dead line for survey results were due June 11. 

- "Remove Eureka Service UI" item closed - as it is was done in Zowe 1.3 release 
- "Closed PI Planning" - moved to community as item was agreed to 

- DCO processing discussion - are there other alternatives to the current DCO process? Not 100% closed on the process. Question if Zowe team is being done 

- Need to formalize the scan results process" - current process is email exchange with Steve Winslow and not recorded for history tracking. John M needs to assist on whether the process needs to be formalized. Nick current owner. 

- MFA for github - John M requesting MFA enabled - Sean (from prior discussion)  to compile a list of tools to meet requirement. 

- Discussion of LTSR - urged attendees to review and think of impact - this will be topic for face to face 

- Discussion of Marist - explained move to node V8. Triggered discussion on what is next - V6 is out of support by the open community. Node V8 planned to be out at end of this year. (Since this call the node team has plans to skip V10.) 

- Requested ZLC member to join Confluence for edit of conformance criteria - need input on how OMP can review results. 

Follow up items for June 12 

- JP (triggered by face to face survey request) brought up the need to review the list of committers in prep for voting (related issue since the call is who of committers are allowed to vote - for example if idle committers for 6 months should they be voting?)  
- Check status of face to face survey results - need to know number of attendees 
- Firm up face to face agenda (issue raised since last week's meeting is the face to face agenda may conflict with Share meetings) 
- Check status of face to face registration page 
- Status of Sean providing MFA tools for use - and if John M has any other ideas on DCO conformance process 
- Review of the proposed Charter updates 