__2019-04-17__


**ZLC Members**  
[X] Matt Hogstrom   
[X] Bruce Armstrong   
[X] Jean-Philipe   
[X] Sean Grady   
[X] Mark Ackert    
[X] Jean-Louis    
     
**Participants**   
[ ] Joe Winchester     
[X] Nick Kocsis      
[X] Alvin Tan      
[X] John Mertic     
[ ] Murali Panchalingam     
[ ] Simone Gregg     
[X] Nolan Rogers     
[ ] Isabel Arnold     
[X] Tim Brooks     

  
## Recording can be found here:    
Topic: Zowe ZLC - Working meetings -  https://zoom.us/j/935375531    
Date: Apr 17, 2019 8:49 AM Eastern Time (US and Canada)    
    
Meeting Recording:    
https://zoom.us/recording/share/jRyO2wJjA4UJ4Kv5qAxK1wDvnkgSACtq53es7sBchvuwIumekTziMw    
    
    
    
[Process where the squads get new requirements](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/zlc-5c93b1a4d74bd07972c93094/issues/zowe/zlc/81)    
For example, the Cupid squad will manage Git issues across repos by tagging the issues with the squad name.    
Closed .    
     
[New Zowe Sub-Project Proposal - IMS Operations API](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/zlc-5c93b1a4d74bd07972c93094/issues/zowe/zlc/85)     
Add Haley to the agenda for status.  We will ask her to commnicate by zlc e-mail and a f2f for next week.    
@Bruce to contact Haley.  Also, to ask Haley what she would prefer.    
  
[Zowe "vNext" release validation](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/zlc-5c93b1a4d74bd07972c93094/issues/zowe/zlc/92)    
  
[New Zowe Repository - CLI FTP Plugin](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/zlc-5c93b1a4d74bd07972c93094/issues/zowe/zlc/93)    
@jmertic to provide an update next week on outstanding legal issues.      

Security Process    
@JoeWinchester will open an issue to document     

New Build and Test Environment - Marist    
Met with Marist to work out logistics for getting instances setup in their hosted environmnent.      
They are providing 3 z/os instances (one for RACF, one for TSS and one for ACF2).      
  
Cupid Update    

Voting for new Leadership in August    
    
Communication    
Slack alternatives due to message loss.  Hogstrom to send a note to the TSC to highlight the limitations on Slack.  Sent    
    
### Actions     
    
    
### Post 1.0 Activities     
    
    
### Closed Issues    