# ZLC Agenda 03-04-20
1. **GREAT SHARE Sessions - kudos to everyone for making it a success**

1. **Also thanks for getting Zowe 1.9 out - realize it was a challenge while many people traveling**

1. **Close on publication of Zowe LTS Policy (please)**

   1. Near final mock up here [https://github.com/zowe/zowe.github.io/pull/75#issuecomment-590261043](https://github.com/zowe/zowe.github.io/pull/75#issuecomment-590261043) (typo fixed). I requested we go ahead insert 1.9 as LTS release and state release date 

   1. Adjustment of the Release Process docs needed for Conformance - [https://github.com/zowe/zlc/pull/164#discussion_r383664880](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/pull/164#discussion_r383664880)

      1. I think the adjustments are: 

         1. Once a badge is earned (like Zowe 2019) the badge will not be revoked

         1. As new conformance criteria  (example Zowe V1) is published, existing conformant vendor/customers will be urged to earn new badge but no time limit to do so 

      1. Can we get vote on these changes - update process doc and post with LTS policy or can we post LTS and update conformance at later time? 

1. **March 16 Press Release contents?**

   1. **LTS? Share recap? Hackathon? Anyone working this?**

1. **Status on Q&A process rework?**

   1. [https://ibm.box.com/s/qw0irgitmnqib6tskb6wz0p97baejamk](https://ibm.box.com/s/qw0irgitmnqib6tskb6wz0p97baejamk)

1. **Proposal for squad re-purpose** [https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/161](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues/161)

   1. Propose we time-limit this topic to 15 mins in this ZLC and t-up dedicated discussion after people have had time to study, digest and provide feedback 

   1. Can we use the github issue to provide feedback and counter proposals 

1. **Hackathon status?** 

   1. Sunday, February 23 â€“ Sunday, April 5

   1. Registrations? #virtualhackathon 15 members as of today 

1. **ZLC topics requested by John:**

   1. - Welcome

   1. - What is the role of the ZLC? What is the purpose of ZLC meetings?

   1. - Chairperson/Secretary roles and expectations

   1. - Scheduling strategic discussion time on (1) What Zowe is and isn't (2) What is in scope and what's not in scope and (3) What are measurable objectives for 2020

      1. (1 and 2) Architecture squad will coordinate to create proposal - track in issue: [https://github.com/zowe/community/issues/460](https://github.com/zowe/community/issues/460)

   1. - Any other critical items needing discussed. Suggestion to review meetings and discuss how/if a ZLC member can cover meetings to stay in touch with teams 

      1. <ins>[https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/g/zowe-dev/calendar](https://urldefense.proofpoint.com/v2/url?u=https-3A__lists.openmainframeproject.org_g_zowe-2Ddev_calendar&d=DwMFaQ&c=jf_iaSHvJObTbx-siA1ZOg&r=QV1pgG1ijEqUgWlri9F2-4fMdhmnGC4fxVGplHz6-M0&m=dOMW0vK9Ky1yTI3AXocBtlwJ8kRrr7RO1x9AdkggW4M&s=ScawCfB5jjEBlkDvzaRZC3UyL2iW_ln7DuJfaDSaECI&e=)</ins><ins> </ins>

1. **Other topics**

   1. zowe.org still shows old logo - who can update? 

   1. Status of shift to LF Jenkins? 

   1. Request to use Portable Software Instance (PSI) on Marist? 

   1. **Vendor support of Zowe releases obtained by customers through different channels**

      * Zowe driver verification of authenticity [https://github.com/zowe/zowe-install-packaging/issues/1179](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-install-packaging/issues/1179) 

      * Cross vendor support practices: What is "Zowe Core Support"? There should be clarity and consistency on what this is, so that vendor-lock-in can be avoided

   1. [https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues](https://github.com/zowe/zlc/issues) 

   1. Topics carried over from prior meetings that we did not get to: 

      1. Mono repo

      1. Post LTS more cordinated PI with epic/task based squads rather than structural repo/component focus (e.g. MFA, SSO, HA, Containerization, ...)  ?  (Milestones, single git board, combined PR builds).

      1. Better test coverage to reduce rc to GA for releases.  

      1. Help needed to consolidate past meeting agendas and recordings into github for historical records 



